(docs) Include all Chocolatey products in Intune (#709)
chocolatey/docs: input/en-us/licensed-extension/intune/faq.md

## General FAQs

### Why does the Intune install of Chocolatey CLI require a restart of the computer?

During the installation of Chocolatey CLI, a number of environment variables are set or updated. This includes the `PATH` environment variable that tells Windows where to look for programs to run. The only reliable way to ensure that these are updated prior to running any subsequent Chocolatey CLI commands is to inform Intune that the package requires a restart to complete installation.

### Why do I need all the Chocolatey products if I'm not using them?

> In order to ensure upgrades of Chocolatey behave as expected, we need to include all Chocolatey products for distribution in the Intune package whether you think you are using them or not. This is to prevent the scenario where one of your systems have installed a Chocolatey product, but not deployed it through Intune.

Reviewer: I think this "this is to prevent the scenario..." bit should elaborate a little more on why this is a problem and the issues it might cause, it feels a bit weirdly phrased otherwise.

Author: This is one that I struggled with writing. I've reworded it, but not sure if it helps. Let me know.

> In order to ensure upgrades of Chocolatey behave as expected, we need to include all Chocolatey products for distribution in the Intune package whether you think you are using them or not. Without this requirement, you run the risk of one of your systems have installed a Chocolatey product without having deployed it through Intune; this could result in the upgrade of Chocolatey failing dependency resolution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to ensure upgrades of Chocolatey behave as expected, we need to include all Chocolatey products for distribution in the Intune package whether they are curently being used or not. Without this requirement, you run the risk of one of your systems having installed a Chocolatey product without having deployed it through Intune; this could result in upgrades of any Chocolatey components failing due to an inability to find necessary dependencies.
```

Does this sound better? I agree, this one's a bit tricky to phrase...

## General FAQs

### Why Does the Intune Install of Chocolatey CLI Require a Restart of the Computer?

During the installation of Chocolatey CLI, a number of environment variables are set or updated. This includes the `PATH` environment variable that tells Windows where to look for programs to run. The only reliable way to ensure that these are updated prior to running any subsequent Chocolatey CLI commands is to inform Intune that the package requires a restart to complete installation.

> ### Why Do I Need All of the Chocolatey Products If I'm Not Using them?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Why Do I Need All of the Chocolatey Products If I'm Not Using Them?

```

Reviewer: Amended this one, thanks!
